OADP-4561: Update parent ToC for Troubleshooting modules (#89097)
openshift/openshift-docs: backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/backup-and-restore-cr-issues.adoc

.Solution

. Edit the value of the `spec.snapshotLocations.velero.config.region` key in the `DataProtectionApplication` manifest so that the snapshot location is in the same region as the PV.
. Create a new `Backup` CR.

[id="backup-cr-remains-in-progress_{context}"]
== Backup CR status remains in progress

The status of a `Backup` CR remains in the `InProgress` phase and does not complete.

.Cause

If a backup is interrupted, it cannot be resumed.

.Solution

. Retrieve the details of the `Backup` CR:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc -n {namespace} exec deployment/velero -c velero -- ./velero \
  backup describe <backup>
----

. Delete the `Backup` CR:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc delete backups.velero.io <backup> -n openshift-adp
----
+
You do not need to clean up the backup location because a `Backup` CR in progress has not uploaded files to object storage.

. Create a new `Backup` CR.

. View the Velero backup details
+
[source,terminal, subs="+quotes"]
----
$ velero backup describe _<backup-name>_ --details
----

[id="backup-cr-remains-partiallyfailed_{context}"]
== Backup CR status remains in PartiallyFailed

> The status of a `Backup` CR without Restic in use remains in the `PartiallyFailed` phase and does not complete. A snapshot of the affiliated PVC is not created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The status of a `Backup` CR without Restic in use remains in the `PartiallyFailed` phase and is not completed. A snapshot of the affiliated PVC is not created.
```
